Add section on where to find libs team (#386)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/libs/README.md

# Libs

This section documents meta processes by the Libs team.

## Where to find us

The libs team hangs out primarily in [the rust-lang Zulip](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/) these days in the `#t-libs` stream.

> You can find more details about Zulip and how the Rust community uses it [here](../../chat/zulip).

Reviewer: The URL is slightly off, and I changed the language slightly to avoid "click here" as that is considered bad style in my experience.
```suggestion
You can also find out more details about [Zulip and how the Rust community uses it](/chat/zulip.html).
```

> 
> The `#rustc` IRC channel on `irc.mozilla.org` is in a "quasi-deprecated" status and is not recommended.

Reviewer: The IRC channels are fully deprecated and no longer exist AFAIK, Mozilla has taken down their IRC servers so it might be best to remove or change this part.
```suggestion
```
